[Music]
well hi knowing a thing or two about
psychology is like having superpowers
you'll always find a way with people and
you don't need deep knowledge just use
these people skills establish a baseline
some people are shy while others love to
be the center of everyone's attention
before using any of these techniques try
to learn what is the normal behavior for
people you're interested in look at
their shoes while you're talking
the one person aiming their shoes at you
is really interested in you or what
you're talking about
crossed hands or legs mean this person
is closed for conversation or is really
anxious you may want to avoid them or
better yet sue them with something nice
like a cup of tea when someone really
doesn't want to say something or is too
shy to take part in a conversation they
will tighten up their lips in a line or
even start to bite on the lips if
someone keeps their hand around their
mouth in a conversation they probably
have something to hide
so you're in the middle of telling
something you find really interesting
how do you know if someone is sharing
this interest and if you succeeded in
catching their attention they will
subconsciously lean towards you if
someone is always nearby but looks away
the same moment you look at them they
still might be listening look at which
ear their turn to you if it's always the
same they're paying attention maybe it's
the best moment to introduce yourself
cuticle picking and lip biting are not
just bad habits for some people it's the
only way to relax when they're really
stressed if someone reacts to a joke
with tilting their head back and then
laughing they may be trying to hide that
their laughter is not really that
genuine people smile and laugh with
their eyes first and lip second a person
who only smiles with their lips
most probably fakes it and looks kind of
creepy to clenching jaws and teeth
speaking like you can't open your mouth
or have a bad toothache these are all
signs of immense pressure and a possible
call for help it's hard to lie when you
look someone directly in the face
because we are naturally afraid of being
caught in a lie if a person tries to
look away all the time they may have
something to hide when you feel anxious
and stressed out you are more probable
to look down think up this is a good way
to find out which kind of mood someone
is in try to listen carefully to the
tone of voice people normally have then
compare it to the tone in which they
talk to you it will be a pitch higher if
they like you pay the most attention to
action words in someone's speech someone
will say I decided to do something and
others will just say they did it it's a
great difference because now you know
which person gave more thought to their
actions when people laugh they look at
those they liked the most in a group we
naturally want to share emotions with
those we like and we need appreciation
from them if a person closes their eyes
when talking to you it doesn't mean they
don't want to see you most often it
means this person is deeply concentrated
and wants to say something really
important so it's just a sign you need
to listen closely now rubbing the chin
is a way of saying I'm so deep in my
thoughts I'm about to zone out of
reality if a person starts to clean
their clothes even though there is no
visible dirt or dust on them they
strongly disagree with something but
they haven't decided if they want to
express their thoughts rubbing the
eyebrows or forehead is a way to break
eye contact and recollect your thoughts
it may show the person is in a difficult
situation and thinking of something else
is a bit overwhelming for them try to
control your pupils you can sometimes
neither can teachers for example your
eye pupils dilate when people see
something they are excited to see when
alarming sign your ideas won't be met
with a round of applause is when people
squint while listening to you squinting
is a sign people don't trust what they
hear and have lots of questions about
that if you want to attract someone's
attention by giving them this special
look you've practiced a lot don't be
discouraged by
them not paying attention on average it
takes three attempts before people will
be able to read any sign you may you can
literally read minds if you pay
attention to the direction people look
at when they're thinking if they look
down and to the left that means they're
in the middle of some inner monologue
and deciding on something similarly
people will look down into the right
when they are trying to remember
something or using their imagination I
passed an exam today and I passed
another exam today small difference but
pay attention one word means a lot this
another shows the person wants to
demonstrate how good they are at
something or they're just bragging want
someone to be easy on you raise your
eyebrows it's a sign you are vulnerable
right now and need protection people
will react accordingly to that people
will copy your body language if they
like you and want you to like them back
try some characteristic postures and
gestures during a conversation if they
mirror you you're on the right path to
win them over
posture will give away everything about
the confidence of a person in front of
you straight back and lifted head means
ambition and high self-esteem Crouch
position and downward look means the
opposite if someone clearly remembers
some little thing about you even you
don't care to remember
be sure this person likes you a lot if
during a conversation a person pushes
aside any object standing between you
and them this conversation is really
meaningful to them when we're clumsy in
making mistakes we are cuter and more
attractive and subconsciously we know
that if someone gets clumsy around you
they desperately want to trust you and
get closer to you if people ask of you
small favors they trust you and want to
build trustworthy relationships with you
it works like a small investment into
something big and you can use it to
people like those people they once
helped with something start a
conversation with a person you like then
nod and smile after a specific word you
use
if they start to use this word more
often - your feelings are mutual
if someone's angry at you the natural
reaction is to stay away but try to do
the opposite
stay close the closer you are the harder
it is for the person to be angry at you
check if someone's secretly watching you
in a crowd just yawn it will make them
yawn - because yawning is contagious and
even more so if it comes from a person
we pay a lot of attention to make a
small comment on someone's appearance as
soon as you meet them it doesn't have to
be a compliment and it sure doesn't need
to be a critique a comment on eye color
will work like a charm you will
instantly grab their attention
and they will remember you stand nearby
a mirror to calm down someone who is
about to get really angry at you they
will see themselves in the mirror and
won't act like that nobody wants to see
themselves angry and negative if you see
the same person at the same parties you
go to time after time be sure it's not a
coincidence even if this person doesn't
do it intentionally they do it because
you probably need to get to know each
other better
or they're stalking you now you're gonna
pay more attention aren't you and
finally a universal rule you don't have
to be a psychologist to read people and
to know them better everything you need
is in your guts right there with your
spleen liver and all that bacteria the
gut feeling is based on your natural
understanding of all the psychological
tricks you just need to learn to trust
it and not to overthink it hey if you
learn something new today then give the
video a like and share it with a friend
and here are some other cool videos I
think you'll enjoy just click to the
left or right and remember stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]